export const meta = {
    title: "Mod Configs",
    short: "A list of mod configuration files",
    publish: false
};

## Carpet Configuration

Place this in your `/<world name>/carpet.conf` file or create one of the same name. 

### Requires

- Carpet
- Carpet Extra
- Carpet TIS Addition
- Minitweaks

### Survival Rules

```
carpets false
tooledTNT true
protectionStacking true
commandTrackAI false
optimizedTNTHighPriority true
renewableWitherSkeletons true
railDupingFix true
commandDistance true
maxPlayerXpDrop 10000
renewableBlackstone true
commandPlayer true
missingTools true
dragonBlockDamage none
commandSpawn false
movableBlockEntities true
renewableCoral expanded
stackableShulkerBoxes true
fakePlayerNamePrefix bot_
dispensersStripBlocks true
persistentLoggerSubscription true
infinityMendingStacking true
clericsFarmWarts true
autoCraftingDropper true
sandDupingFix true
opPlayerNoCheat true
commandScript ops
placementRotationFix true
optimizedTNT true
commandSeed true
viewDistance 21
noGhastBlockBreaking true
commandLog true
commandPerimeterInfo true
xpNoCooldown true
ctrlQCraftingFix true
commandScriptACE 4
commandProfile ops
optimizedFastEntityMovement true
rotatorBlock true
renewableElytra 0.2
renewableSponges true
chainStone true
noCreeperBlockBreaking true
reloadSuffocationFix true
optimizedHardHitBoxEntityCollision true
lightningKillsDropsFix true
accurateBlockPlacement true
dispensersCarvePumpkins true
comparatorReadsClock true
renewableDeepslate true
enderPearlChunkLoading true
blazeMeal true
scriptsAutoload true
renewableSand true
dispensersTillSoil true
commandInfo true
flippinCactus true
lagFreeSpawning true
movableAmethyst true
phantomSpawningTime 144000
```

### Creative Rules

```
carpets false
tooledTNT true
protectionStacking true
hopperNoItemCost true
commandTrackAI true
optimizedTNTHighPriority true
renewableWitherSkeletons true
railDupingFix true
creativeOpenContainerForcibly true
commandDistance true
antiSpamDisabled true
maxPlayerXpDrop 10000
renewableBlackstone true
commandPlayer true
missingTools true
hopperCounters true
fillUpdates false
dragonBlockDamage none
commandSpawn false
movableBlockEntities true
renewableCoral expanded
stackableShulkerBoxes true
fakePlayerNamePrefix bot_
spawnChunksSize 0
dispensersStripBlocks true
persistentLoggerSubscription true
infinityMendingStacking true
clericsFarmWarts true
autoCraftingDropper true
sandDupingFix true
opPlayerNoCheat true
commandScript ops
placementRotationFix true
optimizedTNT true
commandSeed true
creativeFlySpeed 8.0
viewDistance 21
clientSettingsLostOnRespawnFix true
commandLog true
commandPerimeterInfo true
xpNoCooldown true
ctrlQCraftingFix true
commandScriptACE 4
commandProfile ops
optimizedFastEntityMovement true
creativeFlyDrag 0.5
rotatorBlock true
renewableElytra 0.2
renewableSponges true
chainStone true
reloadSuffocationFix true
optimizedHardHitBoxEntityCollision true
antiCheatDisabled true
lightningKillsDropsFix true
accurateBlockPlacement true
dispensersCarvePumpkins true
comparatorReadsClock true
creativeNoClip true
renewableDeepslate true
commandTick true
enderPearlChunkLoading true
blazeMeal true
scriptsAutoload true
renewableSand true
dispensersTillSoil true
commandInfo true
hopperCountersUnlimitedSpeed true
flippinCactus true
lagFreeSpawning true
movableAmethyst true
phantomSpawningTime 144000
```
