---
title: Mods
authors: [CarbonGhost]
description: Full list of server mods, datapacks, and configurations.
category: "info"
---

This is a comprehensive list of all server mods, datpacks, and relevant configurations, along with an explanation of each feature and why it was added.

# Client mods

You can join the server using a vanilla client, or with whatever mods you wish. However, if you wish to use some server features you will need to download mods for your client. Note that there are several additional mods we recommend, which you can find [here](new-player-guide/#mods--useful-tools).

If you are looking to see if the mod you want to use is allowed on the server, check out [this page](allowed-mods).

#### Simple Voice Chat

This mod is required for you to use the in-game proximity chat.

[Download from CurseForge](https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-voice-chat)

#### Syncmatica

This mod is required to view and share synced schematics.

[Download from CurseForge]()

#### Inventory Sorting

This mod allows you to automatically sort your inventory.

[Download from CurseForge]()

#### Server Tick

This mod reintroduces the singleplayer TPS graph for dedicated servers, not sure how useful this is, but you can use it.

[Download from Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/servertick)

# Datapacks

#### Custom armor stands

Name a book "Statues" to get an interface where you can greatly customize armor stands' attributes, like poses, rotation, and more.

#### Wandering trader mini-blocks

Wandering traders have new trades for mini-blocks, which are textured mob heads for decoration.

#### Players drop heads

When players are killed they will drop their heads.

#### Mobs drop heads

When mobs are killed they have a chance to drop their heads.

#### Custom nether portals

Nether portals can now be made into arbitrary shapes and can use crying obsidian as frame blocks.

## Crafting tweaks

Work in progress...

# Mods

Note that the following mods are exclusively server-side, meaning you don't need to configure or download anything to use their features. Relevant configs can be found [here](#configs), if you wish to test in singleplayer or download the world. Specific Carpet features can be found [here](#carpet-features).

Mods are ranked by order of relevance, some mods, like libraries and dependencies are not listed.

#### Carpet

Carpet is the most important mod here, adding the majority of new features to the server. There are also several mods extending Carpet's features.

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carpet)

##### Carpet Extra

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carpet-extra)

##### Carpet Fixes

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carpet-fixes)

##### Carpet TCTC Addition

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet-tctc-addition)

##### Carpet TIS Addition

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet-tis-addition)

##### Carpet Essential Addons

[GitHub](https://github.com/Super-Santa/EssentialAddons)

##### Ivan Carpet Addition

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ivan-carpet-addition)

##### MiniTweaks

[GitHub](https://github.com/manyrandomthings/minitweaks)

#### Expanded Trident Enchanting

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/expanded-trident-enchanting)

#### Syncmatica

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/syncmatica)

#### Simple Voice Chat

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-voice-chat)

#### Freedom of Insomnia

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/freedomofinsomnia)

#### Inventory Sorter

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-sorting)

#### Lithium

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium)

#### ServerCore

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/servercore)

#### Starlight

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/starlight)

#### FerriteCore

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ferrite-core)

#### LazyDFU

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/lazydfu)

#### Krypton

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/krypton)

#### Ledger

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/ledger)

##### Ledger Databases

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ledger-databases)

#### MiniMOTD

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/minimotd)

#### InvView

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/invview)

#### Chunky

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/chunky)

#### Server Tick

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/servertick)

#### Banhammer

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/banhammer)

#### Textile Backup

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/textile_backup)

#### Reload server.properties

[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/reload-server-properties)

#### Unified Metrics

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/unifiedmetrics)

#### LuckPerms

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/luckperms)

##### Minecraft Command Permissions

[GitHub](https://github.com/lucko/minecraft-command-permissions-fabric)

## Carpet features

### Redstone

#### dispensersFireDragonBreath

#### tooledTNT

#### renewableWitherSkeletons

#### railDupingFix

#### movableBlockEntities

#### renewableCoral

#### dispensersStripBlocks

#### clericsFarmWarts

#### autoCraftingDropper

#### sandDupingFix

#### renewableBlackstone

#### dispensersPlayRecords

#### renewableElytra

#### renewableSponges

#### chainStone

#### updateSuppressionCrashFix

#### huskSpawningInTemples

#### dispensersCarvePumpkins

#### comparatorReadsClock

#### renewableDeepslate

#### blazeMeal

#### renewableSand

#### dispensersTillSoil

### Gameplay

#### carpets

#### commandTrackAI

#### commandDistance

#### missingTools

#### creeperDropCompletely

#### dragonBlockDamage

#### stackableShulkerBoxes

#### ghastBlockDamage

#### infinityMendingStacking

#### quickHarvesting

#### vexesNerf

#### mobsDropNametag

#### xpNoCooldown

#### ctrlQCraftingFix

#### rotatorBlock

#### protectionStacking

#### creeperBlockDamage

#### slimeLooting

#### editableSigns

#### noFeatherFallingTrample

#### enderPearlChunkLoading

#### flippinCactus

### Utility

#### commandPlayer

#### commandPing

#### accurateBlockPlacement

#### commandSpawn

#### commandLog

#### commandPerimeterInfo

#### commandProfile

### Optimization / fixes

#### optimizedTNTHighPriority

#### spectatorPotionNoCountdown

#### spawnChunksSize

#### placementRotationFix

#### optimizedTNT

#### optimizedFastEntityMovement

#### antiCheatDisabled

#### optimizedHardHitBoxEntityCollision

#### lightningKillsDropsFix

#### reloadSuffocationFix

#### commandInfo

#### lagFreeSpawning

#### commandMods

### Scarpet apps

Carpet provides a useful script system, which we use to add some small features.

#### Cam

You can run `/cam` to enter spectator mode, then run the command again to return to survival mode.

[Source Code](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gnembon/scarpet/master/programs/survival/cam.sc)

#### Stat

Various statistics are tracked, and can be displayed on a scoreboard with the `/stat` command.

[Source Code](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CommandLeo/scarpet/main/programs/stat.sc)

# Configs

#### carpet.conf

```
dispensersFireDragonBreath true
carpets true
tooledTNT true
protectionStacking true
commandTrackAI true
renewableWitherSkeletons true
optimizedTNTHighPriority true
creeperBlockDamage none
railDupingFix true
commandDistance true
renewableBlackstone true
commandPlayer true
spectatorPotionNoCountdown true
missingTools true
creeperDropCompletely true
commandFreecam false
dragonBlockDamage none
commandSpawn false
movableBlockEntities true
renewableCoral expanded
stackableShulkerBoxes true
ghastBlockDamage none
spawnChunksSize 0
fakePlayerNameSuffix _bot
dispensersStripBlocks true
persistentLoggerSubscription true
infinityMendingStacking true
slimeLooting false
clericsFarmWarts true
autoCraftingDropper true
sandDupingFix true
opPlayerNoCheat true
commandScript ops
commandPing true
defaultLoggers "tps"
placementRotationFix true
optimizedTNT true
quickHarvesting true
viewDistance 18
vexesNerf true
commandLog true
commandPerimeterInfo true
mobsDropNametag true
dispensersPlayRecords true
xpNoCooldown true
ctrlQCraftingFix true
commandProfile ops
optimizedFastEntityMovement true
rotatorBlock true
renewableElytra 0.2
renewableSponges true
chainStone true
updateSuppressionCrashFix true
reloadSuffocationFix true
antiCheatDisabled true
optimizedHardHitBoxEntityCollision true
editableSigns true
lightningKillsDropsFix true
accurateBlockPlacement true
noFeatherFallingTrample true
huskSpawningInTemples true
dispensersCarvePumpkins true
comparatorReadsClock true
renewableDeepslate true
enderPearlChunkLoading true
blazeMeal true
autoCraftingTable true
renewableSand true
scriptsAutoload true
dispensersTillSoil true
commandInfo true
flippinCactus true
lagFreeSpawning true
commandMods true
```
